TODO: organise this file

TODO: new planning screenshots

torches instead of jackolanterns?
    put on the side to block the turtle going down to detect absent sapling?

to make use of the block sensor the farmer could swap out the pickaxe and swap back as needed
  if we want big trees then I need to use it to detect lone logs instead of tree trunks

use one of those schematic builders?

we have plethora, we can wrap chests to get their slots
have the furnace manager drive monitors for a status screen?
neual interface for status updates

allow the moon turf instead of cobble

can saplings be planted on moon turf? no

NOTE: important notes #veryHigh
can redesign farm
  change size?
can also use plethora stuff
  block sensor
  entity sensor for saplings?
  laser gun instead of pickaxe?
    requires enchant, enchants are not allowed in a thinking pack

TODO: put an extra chest down for the furnace turtle to put wood which needs to burn when it has less than 8
or just designate a slot?

just build all in ne go? it will be a lot easier

TODO: try out unit testing stuff #homeOnly #high
  write tests for checkpoint
	https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/plethora/tree/minecraft-1.12/src/test/resources/assets/plethora-test/test-rom
	Howl task?
  starting to wish for a ldoc like thing in the same vain as mcfly compared with busted - SquidDev is working on a thing

how to init config

spin in one spot if out of fuel or other error
only the farmer spins, the furnace one messages the farmer who then spins on their behalf

TODO: how do I want the remote control system to work?
  especially if I replace nsh with my own thing
    with nsh compatibility?

TODO: is the farm small enough that a rednet repeater is not needed?
  test near bedrock during a thunderstorm
  maybe, max needed range is about 16 blocks
  range during thunderstorm at y-level that Handy__Andy plans to deploy this at is about 17 blocks. That's not a lot of wiggle room.
  more testing needed
  the farm has a bit more upper space, perhaps a repeater can be placed here?
    not enough in my test world but Andy's place will be higher so it might be ok

NOTE: can we have too much wood to smelt?
  could we be unable to catch up?
    the farmer could stop if the smelter says so
      computer at the bottom which only monitors the chest?

TODO: location placer
  pocket computer app which lets the user know how big the farm will be and tells the turtles where to build it

don't bother with a peer to peer system or a server?
  can only have one farming turtle then
  peer to peer could be useful to hive?
  how to handle desync?

let turtles have pairings, that way multiple farms can be in range of each other and not have cross talk

Handy__Andy has a advanced pocket computer

wireless modems are cheap
  rednet range during thunder, about 19
    during ideal conditions, about 67

Incremental construction of farm?
  farming turtle need to hang onto the water bucket but ideally should not be programmed to know of the bucket

Request building equipment with label

Lost and found(including apples) and spare construction material chests

if the system runs out of saplings then place more in the sapling chest
  saplings will get used as fuel for the turtles and furnaces with charcoal as a backup -- NOT: this is not currently true
  what to do when the chests are full?


two turtles
  tree chopping turtle
    drops the logs into the water and builds the place
  smelting turtle
    collects logs and saplings from bottom chest and sorts and uses furnaces


TODO: programmatic locations

lama overrides real gps, if they conflict then lama is used
  TODO: edit lama to have reference frames

Lowest allowed point = 20
Highest allowed point = 75
how tall is the farm?
  8 blocks for the tree part (stackable)
  4 for the trench (not stackable)
  3 block high for the water slide and chests and things
  if I stack it then part doesn't need to be replicated
    do I need multiple sapling catchers/movers?
      depends if the leaves keep catching them
        might be able to mitigate by always chopping from the bottom of the farm
      I might want to remove the inner most tree line too
  might be able to stack them upto 5 or 6 times
size = 14*5*2 = 140
time taken to cut one tree = 10
time taken to clear farm = 1400
30 mins in seconds = 30 * 60 = 1800

max logs per tree = 6
  low roof prevents branches

TODO: Allow a chest for placing build items
  may need two so that the turtle can sort

Required items list
  1406 packed ice
  8 furnace
  2 water bucket
  140 jack o'lantern
  140 dirt
  10 chest
  9999? stone or cobblestone (mixing is fine)
  2 hopper
  12 torch
  32 fence post
  2 wireless modem
  2 turtle
  1 diamond pickaxe
  1 oak sapling (more is better)
  A bunch of fuel for the turtles - not sure how much yet
